Blog: June 2025 Newsletter (#380)
ddev/ddev.com: README.md

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                  | Action                                             |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`            | Installs dependencies                              |
| `npm run dev`            | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`        |
| `npm run build`          | Build your production site to `./dist/`            |
| `npm run preview`        | Preview your build locally, before deploying       |
| `npm run astro ...`      | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro preview` |
| `npm run astro --help`   | Get help using the Astro CLI                       |
| `npx run textlint`       | Run textlint on content collections                |

> | `npx run textlint --fix` | Apply fixable updates to resolve textlint errors   |

Reviewer: > And they weren't really right as the README was

I tried the original commands and they both worked:
```
ddev npm run textlint
ddev npm run textlint:fix
```

- https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig
- https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode

> Autoformat on save is activated via `.vscode/settings.json` for Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Automatically "Format on Save" setting is activated via `.vscode/settings.json` for Visual Studio Code.
```

Rename to match setting

> Autoformat on save is activated via `.vscode/settings.json` for Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Automatically "Format on Save" setting](vscode://settings/editor.formatOnSave) is activated via `.vscode/settings.json` for Visual Studio Code.
```

- This links directly to the settings in normal markdown and HTML (when converted to anchor). 

It appears broken in GitHub preview. Not sure if Astro will have problems transform it either.

Author: Thanks for flagging this. I don't think the GitHub rendering can handle a vscode scheme, so we probably shouldn't do it here.

Author: ```suggestion
'Automatically Format on Save' setting is activated via `.vscode/settings.json` for Visual Studio Code.
```
